>> Speaker 2: As far
as VS code extensions,
do you use the GraphQL extension?
>> Scott Moss: No,
I don't use a GraphQL extension.
I think that GraphQL extension is
really cool, the ones that they have.
I just don't use it because lately,
the type of GraphQL servers
I've been making couldn't take
advantage of the extensions.
As in what the extensions do,
at least the ones that I've seen,
they basically look at
your GraphQL schema and
they allow you to get all to get
all to complete in your schemas.
If you have schemas spread
across different files,
they might interact with type script and
give you some typing stuff there.
I haven't had a product that was
traditionally set up to do that.
Most of the GraphQL stuff that I've
been working on has been dynamic
Graph QL schemas on the fly so
it's just like AST lower level stuff, so
I couldn't take advantage of them.
The only GraphQL plug in that I
say that I'm using is just one for
syntax highlighting.
So if you were to open up a GraphQL file,
it'll look pretty.
But yeah, I will say the really
good GraphQL extensions for
VS code are the ones we're going
to use on our front end app.
Whereas you can give it your service
GraphQL file and it will give you
all the complete insight of your React
app or your Vue app, or your Angular app.
Those are the best.
>> Speaker 2: So would it be safe to
say that a schema defines the structure
of valid queries for the client side?
And resolvers are the functions
which names match the schema
that actually do the work
of querying the database?
>> Scott Moss: That's exactly right,
whoever that is should just
come teach the course.
>> Speaker 2: Is Apollo server
an alternative to Express or
is it an extension, are both needed?
>> Scott Moss: So
if you go look at Apollo Server,
if you look at the source code it
actually does use Express, underneath it.
This is like their second
version of Apollo Server,
this is like Apollo Server two.
Before this, you had to download
the accompanying Apollo Server for
your server framework, so you had to
either get Apollo Server Express or
Apollo Server Happy,
whatever your favorite was.
Now they just simplified it.
We're just going to make our own
server and encapsulate Express.
But they also still support
if you have Express.
For instance if you have a REST API or
something else that you're doing and
you want to add GraphQL to it, you can
still dial it Apollo Server Express and
you can basically add your GraphQL server,
your Apollo Server as little ware to
your server that you already have.
So they do work hand in hand,
because at the end of the day,
Apollo Server is just Express.